Discuss Storage of End-User Credentials (#195)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

revealed fundamental weaknesses and they MUST NOT be used.

## Holder Binding {#holder_binding_security}
Holder binding aims to ensure that the presenter of a credential is
actually the legitimate Holder of the credential. There are, in general,
two approaches to Holder Binding: Claims-based Holder Binding and
Crpytographic Holder Binding.

Claims-based Holder Binding means that the Issuer includes claims in the
SD-JWT that a Verifier can correlate with the Holder, potentially with
the help of other credentials presented at the same time. For example,
in a vaccination certificate, the Issuer can include a claim that
contains the Holder's name and birthdate, and a Verifier can correlate
this data with the Holder's passport that has to be presented together
with the vaccination certificate - either as a digital credential or a

> physical document. Biometric data may also be used for the purpose of
> binding a credential to a Holder.

Reviewer: I think how biometrics can be used needs to be elaborated. I am still not sure if biometrics-based binding is sub-category of claim-based binding or if it is a category on its own.

not to stop merging of this PR, could we open an issue to track biometrics-based binding and remove it for now from this PR?

```suggestion
physical document.
```

driving the car and presenting the license is the actual Holder of the
license. The Verifier (e.g., the software used by the police officer)
will ensure that a Holder Binding JWT is present and signed with the Holder's private

> key. Claims-based Holder Binding may be used as well, e.g., by including a
> picture of the user.

Reviewer: related to an above comment, picture of the user would be a "biometric-based holder binding" in my mind.

```suggestion
key. Claims-based Holder Binding may be used as well, e.g., by including a
first name, last name and a date of birth that matches that of an insurance policy paper.
```

needs to be taken into account by Issuers when creating the structure of
the SD-JWT.

## Issuer Signature Key Distribution and Rotation {#issuer_signature_key_distribution}

This specification does not define how signature verification keys of
Issuers are distributed to Verifiers. However, it is RECOMMENDED that
Issuers publish their keys in a way that allows for efficient and secure
key rotation and revocation, for example, by publishing keys at a
predefined location using the JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) format [@RFC7517].

> Verifiers need to ensure that they are not using expired or revoked keys
> for signature verification as reasonable and appropriate for the given
> key distribution method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiers need to ensure that they are not using expired or revoked keys
for signature verification using reasonable and appropriate method for the given
key distribution method.
```

Author: I think the original sentence is just fine.

Reviewer 2: The original sentence seemed okay to me too. And the suggested change isn't quite grammatically correct.

Reviewer: I just don't understand the meaning of the original sentence. can you please paraphrase in a grammatically correct way so that I don't have to spend 5min thinking about the meaning..?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Verifiers need to ensure that they are not using expired or revoked keys
for signature verification using reasonable and appropriate means for the given
key-distribution method.
```

is that wording more straightforward?

# Privacy Considerations {#privacy_considerations}

## Storage of Signed User Data

Wherever End-User data is stored, it represents a potentially
interesting target for an attacker. This target can be of particularly
high value when the data is signed by a trusted authority like an
official national identity service. For example, in OpenID Connect,
signed ID Tokens can be stored by Relying Parties. In the case of
SD-JWT, Holders have to store signed SD-JWTs and associated Disclosures,
and Issuers and Verifiers may decide to do so as well.

> As usual, a leak of such data risks revealing private data of End-Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A leak of such data risks revealing private data of End-Users
```

Author: I'd like to keep the notion that this sentence is not telling anything new. What about this?

```suggestion
Not surprisingly, a leak of such data risks revealing private data of End-Users
```

> to third parties. As discussed in (#holder_binding_security), leaked
> SD-JWTs may also allow attackers to impersonate Holders unless Holder
> Binding is enforced and the attacker does not have access to the
> Holder's cryptographic keys. For these reasons, and in particular
> because the authenticity of the authority-signed data is easy to verify,
> the data may have a high monetary value on black markets.

Reviewer: Is this what is meant? I was struggling with `because the authenticity of the authority-signed data is easy to verify,`

```suggestion
to third parties. As discussed in (#holder_binding_security),
because the authenticity of the authority-signed data is easy to verify,
leaked SD-JWTs may also allow attackers to impersonate Holders, unless Holder
Binding is enforced and the attacker does not have access to the
Holder's cryptographic keys. For these reasons,
the data may have a high monetary value on black markets.
```

Author: What I want to say is that the signature increases the value of the data (because anyone can verify that the data is authentic).

Author: ```suggestion
to third parties. Signed End-User data, the authenticity of which
can be easily verified by third parties, further exacerbates the risk.
As discussed in (#holder_binding_security), leaked
SD-JWTs may also allow attackers to impersonate Holders unless Holder
Binding is enforced and the attacker does not have access to the
Holder's cryptographic keys. Altogether, leaked SD-JWT credentials may have
a high monetary value on black markets.
```

> Due to these risks, systems implementing SD-JWT SHOULD be designed to

Author: That should not make a difference here.

needs to be taken into account by Issuers when creating the structure of
the SD-JWT.

## Issuer Signature Key Distribution and Rotation {#issuer_signature_key_distribution}

This specification does not define how signature verification keys of
Issuers are distributed to Verifiers. However, it is RECOMMENDED that
Issuers publish their keys in a way that allows for efficient and secure
key rotation and revocation, for example, by publishing keys at a
predefined location using the JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) format [@RFC7517].

> Verifiers MUST ensure that they are not using expired or revoked keys

Reviewer 2: or better

> Verifiers MUST ensure that they are not using expired or revoked keys

Author: I like your suggested wording and changed the PR accordingly.
